hello YouTube it is mitch with Firestone
tutorials and this is going to be a
tutorial on how to make a rapid fire
dispenser there are ways to make
dispensers that fire normal speeds using
pulsar's of various kinds which I will
detail in the video and they didn't
thing is that I haven't really been able
to find too many videos on how to make
fully automatic dispensers and that is
what I'm going to walk people through
today very simple concept we'll start
out with them see here what are we
looking ok so for those of you who are
slightly you know in two redstone
already they know how it works for the
most part I'll start off with the rapid
pulsar this is the one with torches and
redstone as opposed to the ones with the
actual redstone repeaters which I will
shout at you later so basically all this
does is flash a bunch and it'll keep
going it makes a little noise what I
want to do is kind of lead this out a
little ways we'll throw a block right
here take this out for right now so
throw senior dispenser we want to be
right here this will shoot this way
don't like a little target out here for
there we go okay so nice little target
and right now get myself some other
stuff so many arrows let's see also need
well honey oh yeah I need love okay um
so this redstone repeaters kind of miss
a meal so I'm gonna throw this thing out
here that'll shut it up okay so
basically this will be your lever lever
to activate it so like turn it on and
off and now we can go ahead and connect
this to the dispenser and just fill the
dispensers there is there you go and so
right now if I turn this on little fire
kind of okay amino fire every once in a
while there's another one but that's not
okay with me i like my dispensers firing
very very fast so here's a little trick
all you have to do is add a line of
redstone right here another one that did
that I'll trust it and then all you have
to do is make it currently there you go
so it seems oddly simple but doing that
and now see if I go back and activate it
look what happens
that's pretty much it i mean i can love
pretty straightforward there we go
rebuild the wall back up just kind of
show a little hit area here go back to
the song also you can hook if you want
you can for this off and you know the
lever can hook this up to like a mother
lever over here so you can have so like
kind of kind of automatic fire like
every once in awhile and then I just
like mine on one having switch to this
personal preference that is it for now
if you've any questions just leave me a
comment oh thank you bye